Feature/tfbinary in config (#751)
gruntwork-io/terragrunt: _docs/migration_guides/upgrading_to_terragrunt_0.19.x.md

# Input variables to set for your Terraform module
instance_type  = "t2.micro"
instance_count = 10

> ```

Reviewer: Any chance you could remove all the whitespace changes? Makes the PR harder to review and find the real diff.

Author: Yes, definitely. I made a separate commit with this change in the first place. Reverted that one

inputs = {
  instance_type  = "t2.micro"
  instance_count = 10
}
```

### Rename a few built-in functions

Two built-in functions were renamed:

1. `get_tfvars_dir()` is now called `get_terragrunt_dir()`.
1. `get_parent_tfvars_dir()` is now called `get_parent_terragrunt_dir()`.

Make sure to make the corresponding updates in your `terragrunt.hcl` file!

### Use older Terraform

> Although it is not officiall supported and not tested, it is still possible to use terraform<0.12 with terragrunt >=0.19.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although it is not officially supported or tested, it is still possible to use terraform<0.12 with terragrunt >=0.19.
```

1. `get_parent_tfvars_dir()` is now called `get_parent_terragrunt_dir()`.   

Make sure to make the corresponding updates in your `terragrunt.hcl` file!

### Use older Terraform

> Although it is not officiall supported and not tested, it is still possible to use terraform<0.12 with terragrunt >=0.19.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although it is not officially supported and not tested, it is still possible to use terraform<0.12 with terragrunt >=0.19.
```

Just install a different version of terraform into a directory of your choice outside of `PATH` and specify path to the binary in `terragrunt.hcl` as `terraform_binary`, plus you need to lower the version check constraint:

```hcl

terraform_binary = "~/bin/terraform-v11/terraform"

> terraform_version_constraint = ">= 0.11"

Reviewer: This param should be documented in the root README too

Author: done :)
